first mission to extinguish the fire there are
four techniques suffocated using water
make it explode wait for it to go out
alone
hello and you do n't know very talkative maybe you talk
another language is not so
the second vision save the victim the
that means or not to recover it with the
fire escape more courage
transport it very gently
revive her mouth go go go you too
alfano I understand you're shooting a movie
mute of silent cinema and everything in the
look less good leads to two companions
at home
Hello
now what we have forgotten about Naples
are still an armchair
there was then go where you want to buy
premier to do must search now
we must look for the victims
I make a peugeot that mouth to mouth
she for me is a good name bompiani
officers of this penitentiary
tree frog for your heroic conduct
fallen decoration with the medal of
crystal of the order of courage
congratulations I'm an actor of
talent you know the joy the pain the
caldara le keep ok fruits
ok
the curiosity is the bosina
romeo pause the dott
at this time we will have to rest easy
the gift an accident with tentella
use at that time these are
the real ones with via
consider the folk and too strong not
we can turn it off
here you have to be tough
program change I see
does not look like an operation of
existing fire brigade looks like
more a judy people
the scenes to follow your action movies
they are my favourites
and with all the dynamite we have
we are also coming
kind so many no bad luck
filming is over we can talk
finally not